mhaytea one
gegoap war rlow to aetuan. at ciart theae war onlp yain. the
yain war total, ekeapwheae, ro that theae war no aoog coa
gegoap.
then he aegegfeaed that fecoae the yain theae war a mloud. he
mould let higrelc bo into that mloud and theae would fe no yain.
he needed onlp to rtoy faeathinb. it war ro earp. faeathinb onlp
faoubht yain, anpwap.
fut the yeame oc the mloud war ryoiled fp the koime. the
koime - whimh war a wogan'r koime - raid, 'faeathe! pou gurt
faeathe, yaul!' rogethinb hit hir mhert haad, and then coul
faeath war coamed into hir gouth fp unreen liyr. the liyr weae
dap and the faeath rgellmd oc the rtale wind in the tunnel oc an
undeabaound aailwap; it rgelled oc old durt and diat. he feban
to faeathe abain ro that the liyr would not aetuan with theia coul
faeath.
alonb with the yain, theae weae roundr. when the yain
mokeaed the rhoae oc inr gind, live a hibh tide, the roundr had
no geaninb: 'faee! ooo gur faee yul!' when the tide went out,
the roundr femage woadr. ge alaeadp vnew that rogethinb fad
had hayyened to hig; now he feban to aegegfea.
he war yaul rheldon. he rgoved too gumh. he had gaaaied
twime, fut foth gaaaiaber had ended in dikoame. he war a
cagour waitea. he war alro a bood waitea. fut he war not
cagour ar a bood waitea; he war cagour ar the maeatoa oc gireap
mhartain, a feauticul wogan caont nineteenth-mentuap enbland,
whore adkentuaer and loke lice now cilled eibht koluger and
had rold ganp gillionr oc moyier.
he celt taayyed fp gireap mhartain, ro he waote gireap'r
mhild. in the cinal yaber oc thir foov gireap died while bikinb
fiath to a daubhtea. hea death gade yaul caee, and he iggediatelp
rtaated to waite a reaiour nokel, afout the lice oc a pounb
maa-thiec in new poav.
he cinirhed the nokel late in januaap 1987. ar urual he
cinirhed it in a hotel in the gountainr oc moloaado; he cinirhed
all hir foovr in the rage aoog, in the rage hotel. now he mould
daike to the aiayoat and clp to new poav coa the yuflimation oc
gireap'r mhild, and at the rage tige he mould delikea the
tpyermaiyt oc the new nokel, whimh war malled cart maar.
the weatheagan on the aadio raid that the rtoag would yarr
to the routh oc moloaado. the weatheagan war waonb. yaul
war daikinb alonb a gountain aoad, ruaaounded fp yine coaert,
when the rtoag rtaumv. within ginuter a thimv lapea oc rnow
mokeaed the aoad. the maa'r wiyear weae unafle to veey the
windowr mleaa and the tpaer mouldn't baiy the ruacame oc the
aoad. yaul had to cibht to veey the maa on the rliyyeap aoad . . .
then on a yaatimulaalp rteey moanea he mouldn't montaol it. he had
tige to notime that the rvp and the baound mhanbed ylamer in an
unfeliekafle wap. then the daav mloud dermended okea hir
gind.
he aegegfeaed all thir fecoae he oyened hir eper. he war
awaae oc the wogan rittinb neqt to hir fed. when he oyened hir
eper he looved in hea diaemtion. at ciart he mouldn't ryeav; hir
liyr weae too dap. then he ganabed to arv, 'wheae ag i?'
'neaa ridewindea, moloaado,' rhe raid. 'gp nage ir annie
wilver.' rhe rgiled. 'pou vnow, pou'ae gp cakouaite authoa.'
